feat(ipfs): update CLI + disclaimer (#1735)
scaleway/docs-content: labs/ipfs/quickstart.mdx

IPFS is a protocol, made by [Protocol Labs](https://protocol.ai/), for decentralized storage and content sharing.

> You can leverage our IPFS pinning service to store permanently your data on the public IPFS network. You can [create and manage your Volumes](/labs/ipfs/api-cli/volumes-operations) and [Pins](/labs/ipfs/api-cli/ipfs-operations) from the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/login), via the [API](/labs/ipfs/api-cli/ipfs-cli) or via the [Scaleway Command Line Interface](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can leverage our IPFS pinning service to permanently store your data on the public IPFS network. You can [create and manage your Volumes](/labs/ipfs/api-cli/volumes-operations) and [Pins](/labs/ipfs/api-cli/ipfs-operations) from the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/login), via the [API](/labs/ipfs/api-cli/ipfs-cli) or via the [Scaleway Command Line Interface](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli).
```

<Message type="note">

> - Data is **public**: our IPFS nodes are bootstrapped with public IPFS nodes. This imply that any pinned content will be **available on the public IPFS network**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data is **public**: our IPFS nodes are bootstrapped with public IPFS nodes. This implies that any pinned content will be **available on the public IPFS network**.
```

> - Data is **shared**: public IPFS nodes can fetch and host your pinned content. Your data could be hosted **anywhere** (France, Europe, America, the Moon...). Scaleway won't be enable to delete once a content is delivered to external peers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Data is **shared**: public IPFS nodes can fetch and host your pinned content. Your data could be hosted **anywhere** (France, Europe, America, the Moon...). Scaleway is not enabled to delete it once the content is delivered to external peers.
```
